IBX-8855: Ensure DDEV's MySQL character set & collation (#2481)
ibexa/documentation-developer: docs/getting_started/install_with_ddev.md

    ddev config --web-environment-add DATABASE_URL=mysql://db:db@db:3306/db
    ```

>     To ensure character set when outside Symfony, like using the database client `ddev mysql`, add the following database server configuration.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    To ensure consistent character set when performing operations both in Symfony context and with the `ddev mysql` client add the following database server configuration.
```
